Morocco Day One 
Arrival in Marrakech 
Rainbow hostel 

The flight from Paris to Casablanca was a lot cheaper, but seeing as 
we only had five days, we wanted to get straight to Marrakech. So it 
was a quick cheap dinner at the Casa Voyageurs train station and then 
straight onto a 3 hour train to Marrakech. When we arrived, it was 
past midnight so we hopped in a cab. The driver took us down all 
these tiny winding streets which were only open because it was so 
late. Normally they are packed with people going to and from the 
main square and the souk. He helped us find our hostel which was 
hidden in the back of an alleyway...thank goodness he showed us the 
way! We were welcomed with tea and shown our beds in a big dorm 
where we said hello to the two Mexican and one German guest and 
then crashed. 

Marrakech: lunch & market 
El Fna 
We walked out into the crazy central Plaza 
which was filled with hundreds of stalls 
and carts selling anything from 4 Durham 
orange juice to a chance to hold a monkey 
on your shoulders. I bought a leather bag 
for half the asking price (only to find out 
later I shouldn't have settled for more than 
a quarter!) A woman selling henna tried to 
start giving me a tattoo on the inside of my 
hand and I didn't want it so ended up with 
half a design that will take a couple weeks 
to come off. But hey, at least it was free! 
Patisserie des 
Princes 
We grabbed some kebab 
from a street shop and then 
sat in the bakery 
recommended to Anna by 
our Atelier d'Ecriture 
teacher Mme Mellado back 
in Paris. The almond pastry 
we split was to die for! 

Marrakech: first morning
Le Jardin Majorelle 
After a relaxing breakfast of 
Moroccan breads cakes and an egg at 
the hostel, we took a local bus to the 
Jardin Majorelle where Yves Saint 
Laurent and blank lived. The 
architecture was supposed to 
represent 7 continents. We couldn't 
get over the weather! Inside the 
garden was a little museum on Berber 
art and culture. 
Morning Hostel Adventure 
We had read online that the Riad Marrakech Rouge 
was a better hostel, so we discretely headed over to 
check it out. It was, in fact, a lot nicer so we reserved 
beds for the night and went back to the Rainbow to 
grab our stuff. We didn't want to insult the host so 
when we weren't able to sneak out, we told him we 
had run into friends and we're going to Fes with 
them. He seemed to find that acceptable and let us 
go without too much of a fuss. The only problem was 
that later on in the day Anna realized she had 
forgotten her boots in the room! Needless to say, he 
was a little miffed to find out we were still in 
Marrakech at 9 pm! Oops!

Marrakech: Exploration & Dinner
Dinner and the Souk 
We decided to brave venturing into the 
main square for dinner. We wandered 
around in the souk for a bit, which was 
crazy and twisty and seemed to go on 
forever. I think the best way to describe it would be a covered maze, 
chock full of people trying to sell you stuff. A bit overwhelming, but totally cool. 
Back in the square, after being bombarded by proposals to eat in stand after stand that we passed, we 
decided on 7 Durham soup followed by a different kind of soup that was only 3 Durham! Aggressive 
salesmanship would be an understatement for these vendors. Even when we said we had already eaten, 
they tried to grab us and pull us to a table. "But you look so skinny! Eat again!!" We passed by little 
carts that were selling snails and decided to try them...we stuck our toothpicks into a shell to discover 
that it did, in fact, contain a little slimy snail - antenna and all. We each ate one and gave up! 
Jewish Quarter 
We walked down to the southern 
part of the city with the intention 
of seeing the royal palace and 
garden, but they we closed. We 
ended up wandering into the 
Jewish quarter and getting a full 
demonstration of Berber spices and 
remedies from an older Berber vendor. 
There was this little trinket that looked like 
a clay pot, but when you rubbed it with a 
damp finger, it turned into bright red 
lipstick! 

Marrakech: more pictures 
The Riad Marrakech 
Rouge hostel 
Souk 
Jardin de Majorelle
Stealing a royal orange 
that tasted terrible! Anna getting a €2 henna in 
the Fna square
Dinner in the El Fna (3 Dhm)

After much hesitation and a ton of research, we 
decided to avoid the touristy, expensive "trekking" 
excursion and do a hike on our own. We woke up at 5 
with the call for morning prayer and headed off to 
the bus station. We had heard that taking a local 
group taxi would be the cheapest way. Anna was a 
pro haggler and we ended up getting on a mini bus 
before handing our money to the driver, who was 
demanding 100 Durham. I asked a group of young 
Moroccan guys next to us how much they had paid 
and they said 25! We befriended the college guys and 
they made sure we paid the same rate as them...we 
felt very grateful for our French! 
Mohammed, Rashid, Amin and Hamsah told us they 
were doing the Toup ka summit. Long story short, we 
decided to seize the day and go with them. That way 
we wouldn't get lost and wouldn't be two young 
women on our own in the mountains. 
Toubkal: Atlas Mountains
Once we got to Imili, the 
small mountain village, we 
ate omelettes with the 
boys, bought food for two 
days (tuna, cookies, bread 
and water) and rented 
equipment from an old man 
mohammed knew from the 
last time he climbed the 
mountain. We got old 
boots, crampons backpacks 
and gloves that had been 
donated by French hikers 
for a super cheap rate. 
Then we headed off!

Day one of the two-day hike was 
5 hours. We stopped at a 
beautiful little waterfall and 
passed the devils rock where 
local Berbers sacrifice animals to 
ward off demons (at least that's 
what I understood from what the 
boys told me!) 
I think I would describe us as a 
motley crew. Amin had socks for 
gloves and there was a giant rip 
in my backpack. But it was so 
amazing to be with this group of 
truly kind, intelligent young men 
who were clearly in this for the 
adventure and the views. All 
together, we communicated with 
a mixture of French, English and 
Arabic. 
Toubkal

By the time we finally got to the refuge, Rashid could not 
stop repeating how "sportive" we were. They were all 
impressed by the fact that we weren't lagging behind! (In 
fact, Anna was at the head for most of the way there) The 
last few hours were in snow and the views were stunning. 

 We got to the refuge with only a half hour to spare before 
sunset. I cannot describe how happy Anna and I were to 
discover a fire and warm blankets inside. We paid 125 
Durham each for a bed and used the kitchen to make the 
best tasting soup and bread I've ever eaten. Needless to say, 
we were pretty hungry. We chatted with some of the 
hikers and went to the roof to see the stars. I don't think 
there is a camera that could capture the beauty of the 
night sky. Clear views of the Milky Way, o'ryan's belt, the 
Big Dipper, you name it. Layers on layers of stars, so 
breathtaking it makes your head spin and your heart swell. 
Ok, enough with the cheese. 
Toubkal: Refuge and UP

We slept in a giant dorm with all the hikers with only our combined body heat 
warming up the room. Though under our thick blankets we slept like the dead 
until 5:45 when everyone rolled out. It was time for the summit! Thankfully, 
neither Anna nor I got altitude sickness despite the fact that we had gone 
from Marrakech (400 meters) to the refuge (3,300 meters) in one day. Now 
we had 900 meters to go up to get to, did I forget to mention, the highest peak 
in North Africa and the second highest on the continent next to Kilimanjaro. 
Did I also mention that this was my first real hike? We knew it was crazy, but 
we couldn't not do it!! 


It ended up only taking about three hours to get to the summit. We took a fair 
amount of breaks because of the altitude and, boy, was it steep and icy! The 
pictures do a better job of describing what it was like. Getting to the summit 
was a wonderful feeling. And the view certainly did not disappoint! I didn't 
know the world was so beautiful. We ate lunch and at the summit, took a 
bunch of photos and then headed down. And down, and down. At one point we 
were able to slide down. My butt is seriously bruised and my face is scraped 
up, but it was worth the thrill! Oh, and my camera may have broken in my 
pocket
Summit: 4,200 meters

23 février 2014
I would never have thought that the way down would be more 
physically strenuous. But it was. My feet deﬁnitely suffered from the 
size-too-small donated French hiking boots. My knees hurt and I was 
tired. But I had done it! I had climbed the highest point in North Africa. Not only was it a life 
changing, it was an experience I got to have with the the kindest, most incredible people by my side. 



We stopped at the refuge for a half hour and the headed out for the ﬁve hour walk back to Imili. The 
Moroccan guys had to rush back to catch a train to Rabat, where they had an exam in the morning. 
So we went with this really nice French guy named Guillaume who had already ordered a car to 
take him back to marrakech and said we could tag along. 



When we ﬁnally got back to Imili, it was getting dark and 
we couldn't ﬁnd the little house we had rented the 
equipment from. After almost an hour of desperate 
searching and having thoroughly pissed off guillaume's 
driver, we decided to give up on getting our sneakers 
back and left the equipment at a tabac in town. We 
begged the owner just to hold onto it until we could get in 
touch with the old man to tell him where he could ﬁnd his 
things. Shoeless, soaked and freezing cold, we climbed 
into the cab and started back to marrakech. I never 
thought my low point would be on the ride home, but the 
driver was obnoxious and insisted on keeping the window 
open even though we were clearly shivering. And he 
blasted his music while smoking hashish. Not cool. At all. 



He dropped us at the square and we got our fair share of 
sympathetic looks as we walked through the bustling 
market in our socks, ordering falafel on the way. Finally 
back at the hostel we went straight to the showers without 
even asking where our beds were. Then we found out 
!123 février 2014
they hadn't reserved us any. "We have space in the tents, if you would like." We found another 
hostel. 



It must have been a pretty funny sight to see us wandering through Marrakech, still wrapped in the 
blankets we had taken from the hostel. We got to the Marrakech rouge hostel and collapsed into 
bed. I don't think I've ever slept so deeply.





!2

Toubkal: more photos

We woke up and had the included breakfast at the hostel. Our flight going to be from Casablanca so we decided it was best just to get 
there. There was a lovely woman at he hostel who helped us find a place to spend the night in Casablanca. The young man named Nassar 
who worked there actually accompanied us to the train station. We sat in MacDonalds and used the free wifi and bathroom and sat on 
the sunny terrace. 


I slept for most of the train ride to Casa. We found our hostel and paid 15 euro for a private room for both of us. The only thing we could 
imagine doing was a Hammam, and there was a tiny local one right across from the hostel. We had no idea what it would be, but worst 
case it would be warm. So we paid 4 euros for entry and a "scrub", whatever that was! 


None of the women even spoke French very well. We were guided into a room full of naked women of all ages cleaning themselves and each 
other. Then the woman we had paid for the "scrub" walked in stark naked and told us each to lie down. The rest was history! We left very 
clean and feeling like we had seen a tiny, hidden piece of Morocco that would have been so incredibly easy to miss. Next was a traditional 
dinner of Tajine and fish couscous. It was so delicious! 


Before leaving Casablanca in the morning , Anna and I walked down to the mosque Hassan II and threw some of my moms ashes. Though I 
honestly wasn't sure if they were my moms or toffee's. I think I might have grabbed the wrong Tupperware...oops. Oh well. 


We made our plane just in time and passed out on the flight. What an amazing trip! 
Casablanca: last day
View from the airplane 
Mosquée Hassan II
Tajine
Square with our hostel 
and Hammam 

